http header hooks (#122)
honeycombio/beeline-python: CHANGELOG.md

# beeline-python changelog

## 2.13.0

### Features

> We have added new functionality for `http_trace_parse_hook` and `http_trace_propagation_hook`. These features allow beeline users to process incoming tracing-related headers, allowing for eventual interoperability between beelines, OpenTelemetry and AWS tracing.

Reviewer: I don't think we should advertise the AWS header parsing / propagation until we review how we want it to work. We've come across a few scenarios we need to work through first.

```suggestion
We have added new functionality for `http_trace_parse_hook` and `http_trace_propagation_hook`. These features allow beeline users to process incoming tracing-related headers, allowing for eventual interoperability between Honeycomb, OpenTelemetry (W3C) and other tracing formats.
```

Author: Ah, yep, 👍 on getting rid fo AWS reference.
